# Regression
- ### Linear Regression
> Simple linear regression is useful for finding relationship between two continuous variables. One is predictor or independent variable and other is response or dependent variable. It looks for statistical relationship but not deterministic relationship. Relationship between two variables is said to be deterministic if one variable can be accurately expressed by the other. For example, using temperature in degree Celsius it is possible to accurately predict Fahrenheit. Statistical relationship is not accurate in determining relationship between two variables. For example, relationship between height and weight.<br>The core idea is to obtain a line that best fits the data. The best fit line is the one for which total prediction error (all data points) are as small as possible. Error is the distance between the point to the regression line. <br>
- ### Logistic Regression
>In statistics, the logistic model (or logit model) is a statistical model that is usually taken to apply to a binary dependent variable. In regression analysis, logistic regression or logit regression is estimating the parameters of a logistic model. More formally, a logistic model is one where the log-odds of the probability of an event is a linear combination of independent or predictor variables. The two possible dependent variable values are often labelled as "0" and "1", which represent outcomes such as pass/fail, win/lose, alive/dead or healthy/sick. The binary logistic regression model can be generalized to more than two levels of the dependent variable: categorical outputs with more than two values are modelled by multinomial logistic regression, and if the multiple categories are ordered, by ordinal logistic regression, for example the proportional odds ordinal logistic model.
